# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.7.1] - 2023-10-13

- A number of type conversions have been added for user convenience.
  - The `hostnames` field of `runzero.types.ImportAsset` now accepts valid strings in addition to the `runzero.types.Hostname` type in the list of inputs.
  - The `tags` field of `runzero.types.ImportAsset` now accepts valid strings in addition to the `runzero.types.Tag` type in the list of inputs.
  - The `ipv4_addresses` field of `runzero.types.NetworkInterface` now accepts valid strings in addition to the `IPv4Address` type in the list of inputs.
  - The `ipv6_addresses` field of `runzero.types.NetworkInterface` now accepts valid strings in addition to the `IPv6Address` type in the list of inputs.
  - The `service_address` field of `runzero.types.Software` now accepts valid strings in addition to the `IPv4Address`/`IPv6Address` types.
  - The `service_address` field of `runzero.types.Vulnerability` now accepts valid strings in addition to the `IPv4Address`/`IPv6Address` types.

## [0.7.0] - 2023-10-12

- `runzero.types.ImportAsset` now supports associating vulnerabilities with an asset by adding a `runzero.types.Vulnerability` type to be set on the `ImportAsset.vulnerabilities` field.
- `runzero.types.ImportAsset` now supports associating software with an asset by adding a `runzero.types.Software` type to be set on the `ImportAsset.software` field.
- `runzero.types.ImportAsset.custom_attributes` no longer requires using the `CustomAttribute` type to wrap your string values. You can now use a `Dict[str, str]` directly.
- `runzero.types.CustomAttribute` has been deprecated and will be removed in the `v1.0` release of the SDK.
- Updated license requirement verbiage to reflect the new [Platform license](https://www.runzero.com/product/pricing/) requirement.
- Added official support for Python 3.12.

## [0.6.0] - 2023-09-14

- The SDK now supports the `exclude_unknown` option in the `ImportTask` object which will ignore any asset that does not merge into an existing asset in your inventory.
- Updated the `create_upload_custom_integration` example file to highlight the `exclude_unknown` functionality.

## [0.5.0] - 2023-09-11

- Improved the validation on the `ImportAsset` class to now catch and surface issues with the `custom_attributes` field which would have caused an import task to fail during processing.
- Added new `runzero.ValidationError` and `runzero.types.AddressValueError` exceptions as part of the SDK package exports.
- Updated dependencies to require the latest version of both `requests` and `certifi` as both contained security updates.


## [0.4.0] - 2023-05-02

- Improved project documentation and tests.
- Moved to PyPI's new and more secure [Trusted Publisher](https://blog.pypi.org/posts/2023-04-20-introducing-trusted-publishers/) workflow for package maintainers.
- Removed spurious run_zero_id from NewAssetImport requests - a change made alongside updated OpenAPI spec.
- Added ability to hide and halt or unschedule scans/tasks.


## [0.3.0] - 2023-04-25

- Added autogenerated HTML project documentation which publishes to https://github.com/runZeroInc/runzero-sdk-py in cadence with releases.
- Added task, scan, and template management capabilities to SDK.
- Added explorer management capabilities to SDK.
- Added hosted zone enumeration to SDK.
- Added source_id field to Task objects.
- Updated example code to demonstrate forcing data to be merged onto a known runZero asset ID, allowing
  for arbitrary asset matching, programmatically defined.


## [0.2.0] - 2023-04-10

- Increase supported custom integration icon size from 32x32 to 256x256
- Loosen restrictions on MAC address input validation, permitting all types that the runZero platform can accept.
- Remove ability to specify last seen timestamp on asset imports. Though the server retained the timestamp as a
  custom property, it is not a merge-able property. This is likely to cause confusion. API users are advised
  to use any invented custom property to hold this value.
- Added new 'RateLimitError' exception to inform the user when they reach their daily usage limit.
- Rename all occurrences in API docs, models, types, routes of 'sources' or 'custom sources' with 'custom integrations'


## [0.1.1] - 2023-03-30

- Require the latest version of transitive dependency 'certifi'.
- Simplified and restructured the imports for the runzero sdk so that all type definitions come from the `runzero.types` module, all API managers come from the `runzero.api` module, and only named exceptions and the client come from the root `runzero` module.
- Improved the ergonomics of the `Tag`, `Hostname`, and `CustomAttributes` types.
- Removed the `asset_from_json` and `asset_from_csv` functions. In place of those functions, we are now providing an example of how to transform your data into an `ImportAsset` for uploading. This enables users to handle converting their own data much more accurately than an abstracted function ever could.


## [0.1.0] - 2023-03-24

Initial beta release

### Major features

- Authentication and connection
- Crud operations on sites, tasks, organizations, custom asset data integrations
- Custom asset data transformation
- Uploadable custom assets

